2019-01-09 - 0.9.7

- publish v0.9.7 with new `--java:optionals` option to generate
  `Optional<T>` for optional fields in java. Thanks @qux42!

2018-12-20 - 0.9.6

- publish v0.9.6
- fix #40 "String-to-bytes conversion results in compilation error"

2018-08-06 - 0.9.5

- minor misc adjustments

2018-08-05 - 0.9.5

- \#36 "Report full path for missing required parameter":
    - Only implemented for scala at the moment.
      Also, this is an opt-in (new option `--scala:fp`) --
      perhaps later on make it the default behavior?
- for testing purposes now some options can be passed in the
  config spec file itself.

- internal: for consistency, `optional` in AnnType construction
  now also set to true if there's a default value

2018-08-03 - 0.9.4

- resolve #33 "Generate default config objects if non-existent".
  Thanks @JustinPihony !

2018-02-16 - 0.9.3

- resolve #31 "Option to generate getters".
  The option is `--java:getters`

2018-02-11 - 0.9.0

- resolve #30 "scala: option to use back ticks"
- Adjustments regarding keys with $ and quoted strings:
    - key containing $ is left alone (even if it's quoted).
      This mainly due to Config restrictions on keys involving $
    - otherwise, the key is unquoted (if quoted of course)

2018-02-11 - 0.8.4

- internal: use scala 2.12 (but cross compile to 2.11 too)
  and upgrade some dependencies

2017-09-05 - 0.8.3

- resolve #6: "generate conf template"

2017-07-13

- basic experimentation with static-config

2017-06-13 - 0.8.2

- use JavaConverters

2017-06-13 - 0.8.1

- use JavaConverters (instead of deprecated JavaConversions) in generated Scala code.
  Thanks @zishanbilal.

2017-02-24 - 0.8.0
- resolve #24 "Maven central"
  Note:
    - this uses the default artifact publication (jar, javadocs, etc), **not** the
      executable "fat" jar, which is basically the only artifact properly built.
  	- kept the current version

2017-02-03 - 0.8.0
- resolve #23 "support size-in-bytes type"
- renaming to better reflect "duration" elements, and in preparation for "size in bytes" support.

2016-12-17 - 0.7.2
- fix #22 "literal duration captured as string"
- generate code as part of test phase

2016-12-14 - 0.7.1

- add tests for class name or keys starting with `$_`
- fix #19 "quoted keys"
- use simpler, equivalent boolean access expression according to given default
- fixed: spec with literal values were not generating "primitive" types
  in java. There was a missing `&& a.default.isEmpty` in:
  `val typ = if (a.optional && a.default.isEmpty) toObjectType(memberType) else memberType`

2016-12-12 - 0.7.0
- capture model build warnings

2016-12-01 - 0.7.0
- another model revision

2016-12-01 - 0.5.1
- put "generated by" when running from main program

2016-11-30 - 0.5.0
- resolve #16 "rewrite code"
- resolve #15 "support list"
- resolve #10 "annotations" -- basically only the `#@optional` one
- NOTE: toString not generated anymore
- TODO revisit template generation (info moved to a wiki page)

2016-11-22 - 0.5.0
- advancing a rewrite...

2016-11-19 - 0.3.4
- re #15 "support list"
    - allow use of nodes.createAllNodes in object defining element of list
- fix #14 "section with numerical id generates invalid code"

2016-09-01 - 0.3.3
- fix #13 "scala: double definition"
  add `build` auxiliary method to avoid type erasure issue in case of optional member
- `--noToString` now processed for scala

2016-08-25 - 0.3.3
- add options `--toPropString` and `--noToString` (only processed for java):
 	- `--toPropString` to generate toPropString method (not generated by default)
 	- `--noToString`   to not generate toString method (generated by default)
- fix #12 "incorrect reference with standard types in path fragments"
- add tscfg.GenExamples for convenience
- java: factor out access to Config parameter for sub-section in static method __$config at the root class
- in java's toString, no need for conditional for string field if required or with default (non-null) value
- allow missing sections in given input configuration.
  This helps with sections whose all members are optional.
  Still to be done is proper handling of optional sections in general. Besides an explicit annotation
  to indicate that a section is optional, note that a section can also be implicitly optional
  if all its members are optional.

2016-08-16 - 0.3.2
- fix #11 "name collision with no-arg methods in scope"

2016-08-15 - 0.3.1
- update specs2-core to 3.8.4
- minor adj in Scala's toString

2016-03-03 - 0.3.1
- add scoverage

2016-03-01 - 0.3.0
- implement #8: "support durations" (for both java and scala)
- example-duration.all.conf generated with:

    ```
    > runMain tscfg.Main --spec example/example-duration.spec.conf --tpl all src/main/java/tscfg/example/example-duration.all.conf
    ```

2016-02-25 - 0.3.0
- initial work on #6: "generate conf templates."
- `--tpl` option with 3 possible types: base, local, all.
  Can be given multiple times.
  Running the example-4tpl.spec.conf:

    ```
    > runMain tscfg.Main --spec example/example-4tpl.spec.conf --tpl base  src/main/java/tscfg/example/example-4tpl.base.conf --tpl local src/main/java/tscfg/example/example-4tpl.local.conf --tpl all   src/main/java/tscfg/example/example-4tpl.all.conf
    ```
- As part of this, some refactoring, mainly around a new Type class that the various accessors now use.
- more complete TypeSpec (TODO simplify \*Accesor/Spec classes wrt types)
- entry with no explicit type is now considered optional (with given value as default)
- some preliminary annotation processing
  - @optional for sections - only generates comment in templates; no verification logic at all yet
  - @local to force inclusion of field in "local" template output

2016-02-07 - 0.2.1
- fix #5: incorrect reference with "config" fragment in path

2016-02-07 - 0.2.0
- fix #2: implement type inference

2016-01-24 - 0.1.5
- scala generation

2016-01-24 - 0.1.4
- include source info in preamble of generated file
- consider all java keywords and special literals to generate valid identifier

2016-01-11 - 0.1.3
- generate code for java 8 by default.
  Found out that Typesafe Config's `hasPath` method returns `false` for actually existing paths that just
  happen to be defined with `null`!  So, `hasPathOrNull` is now used in the generated code, and this method
  is only available in Typesafe Config 1.3.0+, which requires Java 8.
  The new flag `--j7` makes the tool generate `hasPath` checks instead of `hasPathOrNull`,
  so the generated code can be used with Typesafe Config 1.2.1 and Java <= 7.

